this is an active in free so2 test kit
to run a free so2 test you'll need a
wine sample till you want to with a
black cap a tube with a green cap if you
think your so2 level is low or a through
with a red cap if you think your so2
level is high and the sampler for this
test will choose a green cap tube
because we believe the free so2 level in
this wine sample is low the reagent
adheres to the size of the gree agent
tube before it's rehydrated we remove
the green cap remove the black cap from
the Dillion to pour the dill you it into
the reagent tube replace the green cap
and shake for a minute to rehydrate the
reagent a minutes up and the reagent has
dissolved we'll remove the green cap
we'll pick up the sampler by the top
ball squeeze once place the tip into the
wine sample and release the samples
contained in a straight portion the
overflow bulb contains excess sample
we'll wipe the outside of the tip place
the tip into the reagent to squeeze once
and remove the sampler before we release
the bulb will replace the green cap
shake a few times and wait 5 minutes
we'll start a timer 5 minutes is up will
match the color in the tube to the color
chart in this case the one that
corresponds to the green cap to the
color in this tube is darker than the
eight part per million color spot and
lighter than a zero quite familiar in
color spot therefore we'll use the
numbers in the second row the free so2
level in this tube corresponds to four
parts per million that's it with my
extra time I plan to turn the AO
apparatus
into distillation equipment for my
blackjack cognac